According to the live text, please count the number of: 1.goals, 2. shots, 3.fouls, 4.yellow cards, 5.red cards, 6.corner kicks, 7.free kicks, and 8.offsides for each team. Note that goals and saved attempts and blocked attempts and missed attempts are considered shots. Handball and dangerous play are also considered foul. The second yellow card is also considered a red card. Penalty is also considered as free kicks.

Here is are examples of the input and the expected output:

Example 1
Input:
The game is starting with the first half. Player4(Home Team) commits a foul leading to Player29(Away Team) winning a free kick in the attacking half, This results in a free kick for Player29(Away Team) in the attacking half. Player10(Home Team)'s left footed shot from the right side of the box was saved in the bottom right corner with an assist from Player9(Home Team). The Away Team earns a corner kick. Player8(Home Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player22(Away Team) commits a foul. Player26(Away Team) commits a foul on Player11(Home Team), who wins a free kick in the attacking half, This results in a set piece opportunity for the attacking team. Player2(Home Team) commits a foul. Player29(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player8(Home Team) commits a foul. Player28(Away Team) earns a free kick on the right side of the field. Player10(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player23(Away Team) winning a free kick in their defensive half. Player10(Home Team) commits a foul. Player24(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player9(Home Team)'s header from the center of the box was close but missed to the right, assisted by Player7(Home Team) with a cross. Player10(Home Team) commits a foul. Player28(Away Team) wins a free kick in the defensive half, Player26(Away Team)'s shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner with an assist from Player21(Away Team). Player7(Home Team) earns a free kick on the right side of the field. Player22(Away Team) commits a foul. Player7(Home Team) earns a free kick on the right side of the field. Player21(Away Team) commits a foul. Player8(Home Team)'s shot from outside the box is blocked with Player11(Home Team)'s assistance. Player25(Away Team) takes a shot with his right foot from outside the box, but it hits the crossbar, Player28(Away Team) provided the assist. Player7(Home Team) is currently being delayed in the match due to an injury. The delay has ended and they are prepared to resume play. Player8(Home Team)'s shot from outside the box is blocked with Player10(Home Team)'s assistance. Player11(Home Team)'s shot from the left side of the box is blocked after being assisted by Player2(Home Team) with a cross. Player5(Home Team)'s header from the center of the box, assisted by Player10(Home Team) with a cross, is saved in the bottom right corner after the Home Team obtains a corner kick. Player24(Away Team) commits a foul on Player9(Home Team), who earns a free kick in their defensive half. Player4(Home Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player29(Away Team) and Player7(Home Team) both commit fouls. Player21(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player28(Away Team) misses the target with a high right-footed shot from the center of the box, after receiving a cross from Player25(Away Team). Player8(Home Team) commits a foul. Player21(Away Team) earns a free kick in the opponent's half. Player25(Away Team) narrowly misses hitting the left post with a right-footed shot from outside the box on a direct free kick, while Player27(Away Team)'s header from the center of the box, assisted by Player20(Away Team) with a cross, also misses to the right. At the end of the first half, the score is tied at 0-0 between the Home Team and the Away Team. The second half is underway with the score tied at 0-0 between the Home Team and the Away Team. Player29(Away Team) handles the ball. And it's a goal! The Home Team leads 1-0 against the Away Team thanks to Player11(Home Team)'s right-footed shot from outside the box into the bottom left corner. Player2(Home Team) commits a foul. Player29(Away Team) earns a free kick on the left side of the field. Player2(Home Team) receives a yellow card for a rough tackle. The Away Team wins a corner kick. Player29(Away Team) misses a right-footed shot from outside the box to the right, assisted by Player21(Away Team), as Player9(Home Team) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Player22(Away Team) commits a foul. Player27(Away Team)'s shot from outside the box is saved in the center of the goal with the help of Player25(Away Team). Player9(Home Team)'s left-footed shot from outside the box was blocked after receiving an assist from Player17(Home Team). Player10(Home Team)'s shot from outside the box with their left foot was saved in the center of the goal, assisted by Player9(Home Team). Player5(Home Team) commits a foul on Player22(Away Team), resulting in a free kick for the attacking team. Player5(Home Team) receives a yellow card for a reckless foul. Player25(Away Team)'s shot from outside the box is blocked. Player26(Away Team) fouls Player4(Home Team), resulting in a free kick in the defensive half. Player10(Home Team) attempts a through ball, but Player9(Home Team) is offside. Player11(Home Team) commits a foul. Player20(Away Team) earns a free kick on the right side of the field. Player4(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player29(Away Team) winning a free kick in the attacking half. Player4(Home Team) receives a yellow card for a harsh foul. Player25(Away Team) receives a yellow card. Player25(Away Team)'s shot from the center of the box was blocked with the help of Player21(Away Team). Player28(Away Team)'s shot from the right side of the box is blocked with the help of Player26(Away Team), resulting in a corner kick awarded to the Away Team. The Away Team earns a corner kick. Player20(Away Team) has committed a hand ball. Player9(Home Team) misses the goal with a high and wide shot from outside the box, with an assist from Player11(Home Team). Player13(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player21(Away Team) earning a free kick on the left wing, . Player25(Away Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player2(Home Team) winning a free kick in their defensive half. Player13(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player21(Away Team) winning a free kick on the left wing, The foul was committed by Player13(Home Team), leading to Player21(Away Team) being awarded a free kick on the left wing. Player34(Away Team)'s shot from the center of the box is blocked. Player25(Away Team)'s right footed shot from the center of the box is blocked and Player32(Away Team)'s header from the same area is saved in the bottom right corner. Player13(Home Team) commits a foul. Player21(Away Team) earns a free kick on the left side of the field. Player32(Away Team)'s shot from the center of the box is blocked. Player13(Home Team) has given away a penalty in the box with a foul. Penalty for the Away Team as Player35(Away Team) is fouled in the box. Player13(Home Team) has been given a yellow card for a harsh challenge. And it's a goal! The Home Team and Away Team are now tied at 1-1 thanks to Player21(Away Team)'s penalty kick into the bottom left corner with their left foot. Offside called against the Away Team as Player34(Away Team) attempts a through ball, but Player25(Away Team) is caught offside. The Home Team wins a corner kick. The game is tied 1-1 as the second half comes to a close. The game finishes with both teams scoring one goal each.

Output: 
| Team | Goals | Red Cards | Fouls | Yellow Cards | Shots | Free Kicks | Corner Kicks | Offsides | <NEWLINE>
| Home Team | 1 | 0 | 16 | 4 | 10 | 9 | 2 | 1 | <NEWLINE>
| Away Team | 1 | 0 | 11 | 1 | 16 | 16 | 5 | 1 | <NEWLINE>

Example 2:
Input: 
And we're off for the start of the first half. Player10(Home Team) commits a foul on Player23(Away Team), resulting in a free kick awarded in the defensive half. Player8(Home Team) commits a foul. Player20(Away Team) earns a free kick on the right side of the field. Player26(Away Team) misses the header from the center of the box, it goes high and wide to the right, Player28(Away Team) assisted with a cross after a set piece. The Away Team wins a corner kick. Player2(Home Team) earns a free kick on the right side of the field. Player24(Away Team) commits a foul. Player6(Home Team) misses the goal with a shot from the center of the box, assisted by Player5(Home Team)'s cross. Player24(Away Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player9(Home Team) being awarded a free kick in the attacking half, This leads to a set-piece opportunity for Player9(Home Team)'s team. Player8(Home Team)'s attempt from outside the box on a direct free kick is just a little too high. Player7(Home Team) commits a foul. Player23(Away Team) earns a free kick in the opponent's half. Player7(Home Team) receives a yellow card for a harsh foul. Player22(Away Team)'s header from the center of the box is saved in the top center of the goal with an assist from Player24(Away Team). Player10(Home Team) earns a free kick in the opponent's half. Player22(Away Team) commits a foul. Player7(Home Team) misses the target with a high shot from outside the box after a set piece. Player26(Away Team) attempts a through ball, but Player28(Away Team) is offside for the Away Team. Player6(Home Team)'s left-footed shot from outside the box was blocked after an assist from Player2(Home Team). Player4(Home Team)'s dangerous play results in Player26(Away Team) winning a free kick in their defensive half. Player10(Home Team) misses the goal with a left-footed shot from the left side of the six-yard box, assisted by Player6(Home Team). Player25(Away Team)'s shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner with an assist from Player29(Away Team). The Away Team wins a corner kick. Player26(Away Team) scores with a right-footed shot from outside the box, assisted by Player29(Away Team), Home Team 0, Away Team 1. Player11(Home Team) earns a free kick on the left side of the field. Player28(Away Team) commits a foul. Player11(Home Team) receives a yellow card. Player28(Away Team) receives a yellow card. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player10(Home Team)'s header from the right side of the six-yard box is blocked, with assistance from Player5(Home Team)'s cross. The Home Team earns a corner kick. Penalty for the Home Team as Player8(Home Team) is fouled in the box. Player25(Away Team) has given away a penalty with a foul in the box. Player25(Away Team) receives a yellow card for a rough tackle. And it's a goal! The Home Team and Away Team are now tied at 1-1 after Player6(Home Team) scores with a left-footed shot into the bottom right corner from the penalty spot. Player10(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player20(Away Team) being awarded a free kick in their own defensive half. At the end of the first half, the score is tied at 1-1 between the Home Team and the Away Team. The second half is underway with the score tied at 1-1 between the Home Team and the Away Team. The Home Team earns a corner kick. Player27(Away Team)'s shot from a tough angle on the left is saved in the bottom right corner after a through ball from Player28(Away Team). The Home Team earns a corner kick. Player10(Home Team) misses the target with a shot from the middle of the box, assisted by Player8(Home Team) after a corner. Player21(Away Team) is currently delayed in the match due to an injury. The delay is finished and they are prepared to resume play. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player2(Home Team) misses a header to the left after a cross from Player6(Home Team), while Player9(Home Team)'s header is saved by the goalkeeper after a cross from Player4(Home Team). Player6(Home Team)'s right-footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked by the defense after being assisted by Player10(Home Team), followed by a close miss with a left-footed shot. Player10(Home Team) committed a foul. Player35(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player11(Home Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player26(Away Team) commits a foul. Player6(Home Team)'s shot from the right side of the box is saved by the goalkeeper, with an assist from Player8(Home Team). The Home Team earns a corner kick. Player29(Away Team)'s shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner with the help of Player26(Away Team). Player14(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player27(Away Team) winning a free kick in their own defensive half. The Home Team wins a corner kick. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player5(Home Team) commits a foul. Player27(Away Team) earns a free kick on the left side of the field. Player11(Home Team) commits a foul. Player20(Away Team) earns a free kick in the opponent's half. Player26(Away Team)'s left footed shot from outside the box is blocked, resulting in a corner kick for the Away Team. Player26(Away Team) fouls Player11(Home Team), who wins a free kick on the right wing. Player8(Home Team) earns a free kick in the opponent's half. Player25(Away Team) commits a foul. Player25(Away Team) receives his second yellow card for a reckless challenge. Player8(Home Team) commits a foul. Player33(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player26(Away Team) misses the target with a left-footed shot from outside the box. Player6(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player23(Away Team) winning a free kick in their own defensive half. Player3(Home Team) earns a free kick in their own half after a foul by Player33(Away Team). The Away Team is awarded a corner kick. Player2(Home Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player27(Away Team) commits a foul. Player14(Home Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player35(Away Team) winning a free kick in their defensive half, This leads to a set piece opportunity for Player35(Away Team). The second half has finished with both teams tied at one goal each. The game finishes with a 1-1 draw between the Home Team and the Away Team. 

Output:
| Team | Goals | Red Cards | Fouls | Yellow Cards | Shots | Free Kicks | Corner Kicks | Offsides | <NEWLINE>
| Away Team | 1 | 0 | 10 | 3 | 8 | 12 | 4 | 1 | <NEWLINE>
| Home Team | 1 | 0 | 12 | 2 | 13 | 10 | 9 | 0 | <NEWLINE>


Example 3:
Input:
And we're off, the First Half has kicked off. Player5(Home Team) commits a foul on Player28(Away Team) in their defensive half, resulting in a free kick. Player2(Home Team)'s shot from the right side of the box was saved in the bottom right corner with an assist from Player7(Home Team). The Home Team earns a corner kick. Player11(Home Team) of the home team attempted to pass the ball to Player2(Home Team), but Player2(Home Team) was offside. Player23(Away Team) is currently sidelined due to an injury, causing a delay in the match. The delay is finished, and they are set to resume play. Player27(Away Team) has committed a hand ball. Player22(Away Team) commits a foul. Player6(Home Team) earns a free kick in the opponent's half. Player10(Home Team)'s attempt from outside the box on a direct free kick goes high. Player11(Home Team)'s shot from outside the box is blocked with the help of Player8(Home Team). Player9(Home Team)'s shot from the center of the box is blocked after receiving a cross from Player2(Home Team). Player25(Away Team)'s shot from the center of the box is saved in the bottom right corner after a through ball from Player27(Away Team). Player21(Away Team) missed the shot with their left foot from outside the box, with the ball going high and wide to the left, assisted by Player26(Away Team). Valencia's shot from the right side is blocked. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player5(Home Team)'s header from the center of the box, assisted by Player11(Home Team) following a corner kick, narrowly misses to the left. Player19(Away Team) attempts a through ball, but Player28(Away Team) is offside for the Away Team. Player27(Away Team)'s long-range shot from a tough angle on the right side is blocked. Player11(Home Team) committed a hand ball. Player28(Away Team) misses his shot with his right foot from outside the box, sending it high and wide to the right. Player28(Away Team) scores with a header from the center of the box to the bottom right corner, assisted by Player29(Away Team)'s cross, Home Team 0, Away Team 1. The Home Team wins a corner kick. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player23(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player11(Home Team) commits a foul. Player27(Away Team)'s close-range left-footed shot narrowly misses the top left corner after being set up by Player25(Away Team)'s cross. The Home Team wins a corner kick. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player11(Home Team)'s shot from outside the box is blocked. Player26(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player10(Home Team) commits a foul. Player10(Home Team) receives a yellow card for a reckless challenge. Player2(Home Team) has committed a hand ball. Player9(Home Team) misses the target with a shot from the center of the box, assisted by Player7(Home Team). The Away Team earns a corner kick. At the end of the first half, the Home Team is trailing the Away Team by one goal. And we're back for the second half with the Home Team trailing 0-1 to the Away Team. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player9(Home Team)'s shot from the center of the box is saved by the goalkeeper, with an assist from Player8(Home Team). It's a goal for the Away Team, they lead 2-0 thanks to Player29(Away Team)'s header into the bottom left corner. Player9(Home Team) scores with a right-footed shot from the right side of the box, assisted by Player11(Home Team), Home Team 1, Away Team 2. Player28(Away Team) is experiencing a delay in the match due to an injury. The delay has ended and they are set to resume play. Player21(Away Team) commits a foul. Player11(Home Team) earns a free kick on the right side of the field. Player11(Home Team) takes a left footed shot from outside the box, but narrowly misses to the left with an assist from Player14(Home Team). The Home Team earns a corner kick. Player21(Away Team) earns a free kick in their own half after being fouled by Player11(Home Team). The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player14(Home Team)'s shot from close range on the right side was saved by the goalkeeper with the help of Player11(Home Team). Player20(Away Team) commits a foul. Player3(Home Team) earns a free kick in their own half. Player26(Away Team) commits a foul on Player4(Home Team), resulting in a free kick for Player4(Home Team) in their own defensive half. Player26(Away Team) receives a yellow card for a rough tackle. Player26(Away Team)'s left footed shot from outside the box is blocked after being assisted by Player25(Away Team). Player25(Away Team)'s shot with his right foot from the center of the box is saved in the bottom left corner, with an assist from Player34(Away Team). Player3(Home Team) commits a foul, giving Player34(Away Team) a free kick in their own defensive half. Player6(Home Team) of the Home Team attempts a through ball, but Player3(Home Team) is offside. Player11(Home Team) receives a yellow card. Player10(Home Team)'s shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner with an assist from Player11(Home Team). The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player5(Home Team)'s header from the center of the box is saved in the bottom left corner after an assist from Player10(Home Team) with a cross. The Home Team wins a corner kick. Player5(Home Team) narrowly misses a right-footed shot from the center of the box that was set up by Player6(Home Team)'s header from a corner kick for the Home Team. Player5(Home Team)'s header from the center of the box was just a little too high after being assisted by Player10(Home Team) with a cross. Player34(Away Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player3(Home Team) winning a free kick in their own defensive half. Player21(Away Team) commits a foul, resulting in Player11(Home Team) winning a free kick on the right wing, . The Home Team trails the Away Team by one goal as the second half comes to a close. The game is over with the Home Team scoring 1 goal and the Away Team scoring 2 goals.

Output:
| Team | Goals | Red Cards | Fouls | Yellow Cards | Shots | Free Kicks | Corner Kicks | Offsides | <NEWLINE>
| Away Team | 2 | 0 | 7 | 1 | 9 | 5 | 2 | 2 | <NEWLINE>
| Home Team | 1 | 0 | 7 | 2 | 16 | 6 | 13 | 2 | <NEWLINE>



Output Format and Instructions:
1. Keep the Home Team and Away Team as row headers in the table.
2. The first row of the table should contain the headers.
3. Use "|" as a separator between cells.
4. Use "<NEWLINE>" literal at the end of every row.
5. Return the final table with the heading ### Final Table

Here is a sample output format:

### Final Table:
| Team | Goals | Red Cards | Fouls | Yellow Cards | Shots | Free Kicks | Corner Kicks | Offsides | <NEWLINE>
| Home Team | 0 | 0 | 13 | 4 | 11 | 9 | 6 | 1 | <NEWLINE>
| Away Team | 3 | 0 | 9 | 1 | 11 | 13 | 8 | 7 | <NEWLINE>

Let’s think step by step! Return the reasoning steps and at last, please output a table with 2 rows in the specified CSV format according to the following live text:
